{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Thin;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21400\viewh13020\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 first bullet needs to be the best bullet under every single job \
\
focus on results - bullets should be result driven \
\
humanity sets you apart\
\
tell me about yourself\
\
defining moment = who you\'92ve been your whole life \
\
lead with your purpose, mission and why \
\
I\'92ll never forget the moment that \'93  \
\
I grew up in a house where \'93  \
\

\fs28 OpenX is a leader in programmatic advertising technology. It allows publishers to monetize ad inventory for their mobile and web applications. OpenX\'92s technology integrates\
an ad server, a real-time bidding exchange, and a Supply Side Platform to ensure publishers get the highest real time value for their inventory. \
\

\fs24 o
\fs32 nly two to three sentences for tell me about yourself \
I started my foray into technology about two years ago through a front end development workshop with General Assembly \
I\'92ve always been a person that thrives on challenges and enjoys continuous learning. When I\'92m faced with a new challenge or something that\'92s unfamiliar to me, I dive head first and completely immerse myself into the problem until I tackle it. \
I\'92m great with relationship building, I enjoy it as well. \
Before I started my path in technology I was a professional songwriter. \
learned how to be committed and diligent with honing my craft by writing hundreds of songs.\
learned how to work cooperatively and creatively with a team of a producer, artist, another writer, in a collaborative environment being flexible enough for the best idea to come together while at the same time staying true to my creative instincts \
create great songs sometimes I worked independlty. \
Staying optimistic through dozens of no\'92s \
I like to be in control of my success \
 gained a better under standing of the whole web ecosystem and how applications communicate, how data is transferred and stored. \
\
Relationship building-interfacing with clients, seeing a project from inception to completion, innovative technology and communication with engineers on industry trends in mobile and web development. I believe the Solutions Architect Role brings together everything that I\'92m passionate about under one umbrella\
\
Also, I\'92ve always been curious about advertising. Advertising is the fuel for economy, nothing happens without advertisement regardless of what industry you\'92re in . \
\
I\'92m grateful to have learned how to X , but what was missing for me was structure and way to measure my growth. \
\
whats the one cherry that your employer wants to eat your skill \
\
At the moment, i\'92m hoping to transition into (job) ideally in the ( ) industry\'94   =  Goal Statement \
\
ads within apps\
\
\
In the past, I was a bit insecure about asking certain technical questions not wanting to look incompetent. But I had so many questions, so i knew that was a big problem. I needed to get comfortable communicating with other Senior Engineers. I\'92d been very active in the tech community in New York attending various meet ups, conferences and workshops. An opportunity came up for me to take over as host, while the original hosts were away.  \
\
Tell me about a time you solved a problem \
When I first started working with Columbia University Club, \
they had a problem with low membership and membership retention amongst young undergrad\
and grad students. Most of the club members were older, well into their careers, or retired.\
New York City has lots of distractions exciting off campus actives happening that students get to choose between. \
I developed and implemented a happy hour \
have featured alumni come (some film developers, authors, founders) and mingle with young undergrad and grad\
\
james.wilhite@openx.com\
\
tips on ad placements on mobile: ads should be placed at the top or the bottom of the app\'92s view controller. If the app does not contain a tab bar,\
then the ad should be placed at the bottom of the screen, otherwise at the top.  If the ads are displayed anywhere else Apple will reject it.\
If the app has several views, you typically want the ad banner to display where users will spend the most of their time to maximize the possibility of ads getting clicked.  Developers add an ad banner at the bottom of the view which will be the container in which the ads will be displayed if available. If there are no available ads,then the banner will be programmed to hide  \
\
\
Header Bidding :\
Publishers offer inventory (ad space) to multiple ad exchange companies simultaneously to get the best rate before making calls to their ad servers.. The ad exchange company \
Code is embedded within the header file of a publisher. This allows publishers to request a bid from various ad exchanges before they decide what ad to serve \
OpenX places its API for accessing demand on the publishers website\
A publisher partners with a header bidding partner( and embeds javascript code on each page of their website\
the code allows the bidding partner to participate in every impression auction on the site\
the highest bid made to the header bidding partner is passed on to the publisher\'92s ad server\
Ad Servers: analyze line items or aka price points to get the win rate \
\
A call is made to various networks to get the best price for slot\
The ad and the price are assets that live in the header in the javascript  (they are returned as javascript objects)\
or does the ad server return the creative code?\
\
\
SSP :   Supply- Side platform helps publishers maximize the price their\
impressions sell for. It\'92s software used to sell advertising in an automated fashion \
\
caching\
pick a weakness you\'92ve been working on\
how was it a challenge\
what did you do to work on it\
show them that you\'92re being acknolwed for working on it\
\
in the past, it wa a challenge for me  . given that I noticed\
it was such a l\
\
\
MoPub is a mobile marketing tool \
allows developers to integrate ads into their mobile in a way that\'92s consistent with their app\'92s design \
\
my app makes an asynchronous call to New York Times Movie Review API and fetches critic reviews, movie openings, a url with a link to the poster image, etc this data is returned as JSON, parsed then loaded into my main view controller \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Julie Van Ullen, VP of Publisher Solutions\
Maggie Mesa, VP of Mobile Business Development\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf0 is currently ranked as the highest quality ad exchange for both web and mobile app inventory in the US;\
\
Questions for You\
\
What are some of the most urgent problems I\'92d be expected to solve as a Solutions Archeticet over the first 60-90 days?\
What do you expect of new hires? \
What are some goals for OpenX SDK as it relates to mobile for the next iteration?\
Why do you like\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs30 \cf2 What milestones would the ideal candidate hit after 90 days? One year? What are the biggest innovations the ideal candidate could bring to this position? \
Outside of the ones listed, what other skills would the ideal job candidate have? \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Can you tell me a little bit about your own career path and how you landed at this company? (Helps you find common ground)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
1877-731-3451 Associated bank}